pinkey builds the kind of grand tourers
that put a myers performance advanced
technology comfort and heritage china is
one of Bentleys biggest potential
markets and this is the brand-new Flying
Spur I've come all the way to Beijing to
find out just exactly what it's like
driving this car China might be an
attractive markets for a Bentley sales
team intent on extending the brand's
footprint but it's not an easy country
to drive in city traffic is often
gridlocked and some of the rural roads
make even our potholed routes look
splendid talking of which the Flying
Spur looks splendid to the Flying Spur
is a large and imposing car well over
five metres long more than two metres
wide and weighs 2.5 tons and yet it
looks quite athletic it has nice crisp
styling lines it has a very distinctive
front end and it's the kind of car that
promises a really distinctive and
special driving experience
the flank Spurs combination of classic
and contemporary styling looks just
right
its chiseled lines the massive meshed
front grille the narrow side glass
apertures and the muscular bulges over
the rear wheel arches contribute to a
presence that's imposing and powerful
but also keen and current yes it's big
but in a handsome and distinctive way
that's also true of the cabin with a chi
is spacious and as lavishly equipped as
this it's a toss-up whether one should
be behind the wheel or where I am right
now
at the back of the car as you can see it
is super spacious and super comfortable
of course it's not just an interior of a
car with these screens and a multimedia
sound system you can turn this into a
home theater on the move completing with
optionally of course a very British Sun
system by a name audio or if you're the
business kind of person or the executive
on the move if you like then this can
become a very effective mobile office
either way I prefer to be at frontier
because dynamically this is a great car
in line with its errors to Kratt
ecstatic the Bentley is comprehensively
kitted out offering levels of luxury
best described as lavish but there's
also a sense of oh so British
understatement that adds to the poshness
of it all
that said there's something distinctly
pugilistic about its power plant the new
Bentley Flying Spur is the most powerful
car been Kia's ever bought and the
reason for it is right here under the
bonnet a w12 engine six litre capacity
the power output 460 kilowatt link to
800 Newton meters of torque and all that
urge being delivered to all four wheels
the rest of the drivetrain
matches the w12 for sophistication rear
biased all-wheel drive with a 60/40 rear
front stock split 4-way adjustable air
damping and an 8-speed automatic gearbox
with manual override and shift paddles
mounted behind the steering wheel you'd
think the quiz this is a big and heavy
car that that Benke Flying Spur would
not be ideal on the narrow and twisty
rural Chinese roads that we are on at
the moment but in fact quite
surprisingly it's the opposite that's
true here of course we have a lot of
power to propel this 2.5 ton car around
the corners and as a result the North
100 time and astonishing 4.6 seconds the
north to 160 kilometers an hour coming
up in nine point five seconds at the top
speed 322 kilometers an hour of course
not the kind of speed we're going to be
able to achieve here on the handing side
this is a much nimbly car than you'd
expect
2.5 turns admittedly and a suspension
that's been softened in this model but
the monocoque is so rigid and the foiled
retraction it's so predictable that it
really really is like threading a needle
through a piece of fabric when you go
around corners on a mountain pass such
as this very impressive car indeed and
really one of those cars that finds a
great compromise between sporting
handing on the one side and comfort and
control on the other and if you need to
go quickly you can do that cheap
a compounding mix then of tradition and
technology of clammy poshness and keen
dynamics but is it the right car for
these eco driven times with so much
emphasis on smaller cars lower weight
and more efficient engines under the
thought that there wasn't really a place
on the world automotive market for a car
like the Flying Spur but it's quite
obvious that there is a demand for cars
like this and the proven that is right
here next to me
interestingly enough a British brand
owned by a German company launching a
kind China doesn't really make that much
sense either
but then China is one of those
burgeoning markets that is going to be
very attracted to a car like this and
having driven it I can tell you that
from behind the wheel it's certainly not
only an imposing and stunning car to
drive but very much an entertaining one
as well
a unique and hugely powerful w12 engine
a brand rich in heritage and an
impressive array of Technology are among
the many attractions of this regal sedan
dynamically entertaining yet always
poised and composed this is the epitome
of luxury motoring even if it's 4
million round asking price we'll put it
out of reach of most mortals